So, one main thing that I use this
Obsidian Vault for is to learn things
much faster. And the way that I do that
is I have Cloud Code take extremely
detailed notes for books, podcasts, or
videos. Yeah, let me show you example.
So, this I'm a Strange Loop, this is a
very dense philosophy book that I read
many years ago and I probably only
understood 30% of the entire book. And I
wanted to
kind of get a refresher and to have a
deeper understanding. So, I gave it the
EPUB file and then it summarized every
single chapter and every single chapter
has hyperlinks towards different
concepts that were mentioned in the
book. So, anything I don't understand, I
can just click in like this casual
potency of collective phenomenon and I
can understand this and go back and
understand this entire paragraph. So,
this is way better than just asking
ChatGPT or asking Cloud to give you an
overview of what this book's about.
Like, you can't really get a in-depth
understanding. So, you can see there are
chapter-by-chapter navigation and even
just going through the summary takes
maybe 30 minutes, but it's really a lot
more efficient than spending 30 hours
reading this book.